Huh? Aoi, you look lost in thought. What happened?
Seriously. That’s not like Aoi at all. If you have any problems,
we’re always here to help!
I’m in a bit of trouble. Can I talk about it?
Of course, What happened to you?
I showed Kasumi my manga before.
Aoi, you draw manga. Let me read it!
Naoya, be quiet for a second.
Of course, I remember it well. You’re not only good at
illustrations, but you are also good at creating stories.
So, what’s up with that manga?
My friend told me she wanted to turn the manga
into a novel and upload it to a novel posting site.
She asked for my permission, but I wasn’t sure what to do.
If she wants to make a novel using your manga,
having your permission would undoubtedly be better.
So, what do you want to do?
Well, it means that my manga has been recognized,
so I’d like to grant permission if possible.
But I don’t really understand what novel posting sites are,
and she wants to change the ending or shorten the story a little.
I don’t know how it will change, and I’m worried.
For now, let’s take a closer look at that site together.
Is it okay if I take a look at it with you too?
Of course!
Naoya please give me some advice too.
It’s a website called “Let’s Write a Novel.”